When you think about getting older, do you imagine being happy?
What bad habits contribute to your unhappiness today?
What good habits contributed to your happiness today?
How much are you influenced by other's happiness today?
Have you ever gone on a news fast?
How did your morals get in the way of happiness today?
In what area do you most admire the success your partner has achieved?
What made each of your past pets special?
What was the most unlikely place you've ever made a friend?
When was the last time you took a big risk? What was it?
Are you healthier when you're happier?
How can you be happier where you are right now?
Who's the best boss you ever had? Why?
What kind of group would you like to join? Why?
What tiring/stressful/discomforting thing would you give up thinking about?
Would you choose to be 20% better looking if it made you 20% less happy? Why?
What's something new that you' like to try this year?
What's your favorite way to distract yourself?
When were you the most impatient today?
Does work contribute to your happiness or take away from it?
What did you do for fun today?
What was something you spent timme doing that you knew wouldn't make you happy?
What would you 'overose' on that makes you happy?
Which unnecessarily immposible standarddd did you attempt today?
Who's the most surprisingly happy person? What makes them so?
What was surprissing about your behavior today?
Do you ever eat lunch outside?
When you shut your eyes last night, what did you think about?
What is the best music to energize you?
If you were going to begin dancingg regularly, what kind would you do?
Do you think it's easier to be happier if you have less choices to make?
What was the hardest thing for you to resist today?
Who do you know that can be happy in any situation?
What's the most rewarding project you've worked on in the past year?
How have you reccently unecessarily spent money?
When have you been happiest in life?
What's the best part of your physical appearance?
Have you seen your work suffer when you're unhappy?
Are there certain foods that make you happy?
Was your parents' generation happier than yours?
What is the differencce between pleasure and happiness?
When you leave your friends, are you energizedd or exhausted?
Have  you ever bought something impulsively? How did it impact you?
Does your job let you exercise your ttalents withouot consuming you?
What were the favorite games you watchedd in the last year?
What was one small daily thing you did that made you happy today?
What decisions exhausted you today?
Do you have enough in your life too be happy?
What are you grateful for?
What was your favorite daydream today?
Who's the most optimistic person you know?
What's the best way you've fouondd to deal with criticism?
How do you decide whether an experience is positive or not?
What's the biggest change you made this year?
How much of your thinking is concerned with the past or future?
Which possession did you think would make you happier than it actually did?
Which possession made you happier than expected?
What one thinng would make you happier right now?
What gives your life meaning?
How much of your day did you spend in your room?
Is happiness overrated?
What did you accept that you couldn't change today?
Do you bring energy into a room or suck it out?
Are you more book-smart or street-smart?
Are there certain foodds or drinks that make you feel happier?
